Syndicate suva blog (#3989)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2024-11-19-suva-modernizing-architecture-with-liberty.adoc

author_picture: https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/igbluz
author_github: https://github.com/igbluz
seo-title: Modernizing Software Architecture with MicroProfile and Open Liberty - OpenLiberty.io
seo-description: Following on from his earlier blog, we catch back up with SUVA to find out how their application modernization journey has been progressing with the help of Open Liberty and MicroProfile.
blog_description: "Following on from his earlier blog, we catch back up with SUVA to find out how their application modernization journey has been progressing with the help of Open Liberty and MicroProfile."
open-graph-image: https://openliberty.io/img/twitter_card.jpg
open-graph-image-alt: Open Liberty Logo
redirect_link: https://www.ibm.com/blog/modernizing-software-architecture-with-microprofile-and-open-liberty/
permalink: /blog/redirected.html
additional_authors:
- name: Emily Jiang
  github: https://github.com/Emily-Jiang
  image: https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/Emily-Jiang
---
= Modernizing Software Architecture with MicroProfile and Open Liberty
Igor Berchtold <https://github.com/igbluz>
//Blank line here is necessary before starting the body of the post.

> Following on from his earlier blog, we catch back up with SUVA to find out how their application modernization journey has been progressing with the help of Open Liberty and MicroProfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following on from his earlier post, we catch back up with Igor and SUVA to find out how their application modernization journey has been progressing with the help of Open Liberty and MicroProfile.
```
